feat: added `ANR_REPORT_HISTORICAL` to the `ManifestMetaDataReader` (#5387)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Android: The `ManifestMetaDataReader` now reads `ANR_REPORT_HISTORICAL` ([#5387](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5387))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support to configure reporting historical ANRs via `AndroidManifest.xml` using the  `io.sentry.anr.report-historical` attribute ([#5387](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5387))
```
